apartment it's just blocks from druid
hill park I am taking the camera along
the path from the park to the apartment
it's close to bus lines the Metro light
rail the marc train station it's also
close to micah johns hopkins and highway
83 it's a great neighborhood we're pet
friendly we have a big side yard let's
take a quick look inside this is the
floor plan ah as you can see two
bedrooms a big living room kitchen and
bathroom and an entryway
the living room is very big it has
wooden floors as do the bedrooms there's
a mantel and there's two big windows
facing the street the kitchen is new
there's a new marble floor a new
refrigerator new dishwasher new granite
countertop new garbage disposal the
cabinets are new the only thing that
isn't new is the microwave which is
still in good condition and their stove
is new to us but it's an antique
this is the master bedroom its newly
painted as is the rest of the house it
has a mantle and two windows that
overlook the yard and wooden floors the
bathroom is also newly renovated we put
in a new marble floor we kept the
clawfoot tub but we replaced the
hardware it's brand new brass hardware
and we put a backsplash for the shower
the vanity is new and it features a
window the entry and laundry area is
also renovated the floor is brand new
with onyx tile there's a stacking washer
and dryer the dryer is gas lastly it has
central air conditioning and heating
which is controlled by you it's wired
for an alarm system it's available now
again that's for 925 a month